Add a note to "upgrading.md" about initializing new variables. (#634)
zeppelinos/zos: packages/docs/docs/docs/upgrading.md

43
```

> Now, just as a mental exercise, let's imagine that instead of just adding a new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's imagine that instead of just adding a new 
```

function to the contract (a change to functionality), we wanted to add a new 

> variable `t` (a change to storage layout). How do we set the initial value of `t`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable `t` to our contract. But how do we set the initial value of `t`?
```

The variables `x` and `s` were initialized with the `initialize` function,
which was called when the proxy was created via the `zos create MyContract --init initialize --args ...` 

> command. The `update` command also accepts `--init` and `--args` parameters, so we can use a function

Reviewer: I'd first explain that, even if we should add `t` to the initialize function (so we can initialize it on new instances we create), we cannot call that function again on contracts that have already been created. Then go on to explain that we need a new function, and only then mention that `zos update` also accepts the init option.

> to initialize the new variable once again. We cannot to use the same `initialize` function again, because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to initialize the new variable once again. We cannot use the same `initialize` function again, because
```

the `Initializable` modifier guards it against being called more than once. We need a new function. A good name for the 

> new function could be something like `initializeVersion2` or `migrateToV2`. This function would simply

Reviewer: Or maybe some name related to initializing T?

> set the initial value of `t` and should be called with `zos update MyContract --init migrateToV2 --args 99`.

Reviewer: "set the initial value" and check that it has not been already initialized!

```

> function migrateToV2(uint256 _t) public {

Reviewer: I'd include the full contract code, either here or after this function, to stress the point that you should not just add the new migrate function, but also modify the initialize one.

>   require(_t == 0);

Reviewer: Mention that this trick only works if t cannot be zero in this contract, otherwise it could be reinitialized

command. At first, you may think that the solution would be to add the initialization of `t`
to the end of the initialize function, but that wouldn't work. We cannot use the same `initialize` function, because
the `Initializable` modifier guards it against being called more than once. We need a new function. 

The `update` command also accepts `--init` and `--args` parameters, so we can use a function
with it to initialize the new variable. A good name for the 
new function could be something like `initializeT`. This function would simply
set the initial value of `t` and check that it has not yet been initialized. It should be called with `zos update MyContract --init initializeT --args 99`.

```
function initializeT(uint256 _t) public {
  require(_t == 0);
  t = _t;
}
```

This initialization validation for `t`, of course, would only make sense if `t` cannot be zero. 

The resulting code would be:

```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.5.0;

import "zos-lib/contracts/Initializable.sol";

contract MyContract is Initializable {

  uint256 public x;
  string public s;
  uint256 public t;

>   function initialize(uint256 _x, string memory _s) initializer public {

Reviewer: The original initialize should also be updated to include `t`, so any new instances can be fully initialized; otherwise any new deploy would require calling initialize + initializeT. 

I'd suggest also to make a note about this: perhaps earlier when you say "At first, you may think that the solution would be to add the initialization of `t` to the end of the initialize function, but that wouldn't work", we could clarify that it won't work for updating, but it's still needed for new instances.
